hi Hawaii today I wanna talk about high
school yeah they did I was watching 10
Things I Hate About You
don't judge me and I realized that a
whole bunch of is not very real at all
so today I want to go over a couple I
did wasn't a real high school and the
high school they portrayed moves in TV
also known as ridiculous eyes when a
girl takes off her glasses or takes her
hair out of my ponytail it's an
instantly Turner from Quasimodo into
Giselle
it just means you can't see it
cheerleaders are not gonna wear their
cheerleading outfit every single day of
school my high school team a fucking ham
Cheerios let me talk about a shit does I
tell you one thing my school had a
cheerleading team I would have been on
the movies everyone in high school like
gorgeous and eloquent and put together
in smartass Park real-life everybody in
high school is a fucking mess
get your hormones you got your fucking
braces you got people growing into their
bodies all weird you had a bunch of
clothes that don't fit right because
they're hand-me-downs from your brother
not pretty all right it's not pretty for
the most part that's because everyone in
TV and movies that portrays a high
schooler is really 28 or 30 years old
spider-man 30 Tim Riggins was like 28
years old black girl from clueless was
like 29 everybody on Glee is like 26 to
27 if you think it looks weird the high
school kids look older and more put
together than they should be it's
because they fuck it out school lunch
don't even get me started you're not
getting catered fine dining on a tray
like they do with movies you're getting
fish sticks sloppy joes
pasta and if you're lucky maybe some
rectangle pizza the craziest thing is
how much you come to love rectangle
piece in real high school you don't have
amazing parties with like ten thousand
kids in an empty house every weekend
with a real DJ in the fucking and
balancers of drugs and booze and all
this shit I mean you're lucky if you
have like a pretty cool high school
party at a house with a keg maybe
odds are your group of friends it's not
gonna be the perfect cross-section of
population demographics think about it
if your group of friends is a white jock
an Asian girl a black dude a nerd and a
girl that only wears pink then you're
probably a Power Ranger athletic
facilities are not gonna be NBA NFL
quality your might have your own gym if
you're really lucky it's not gonna smell
like socks but the rest of us is a dingy
piece of shit and you're just happy you
don't have to play now at the YMCA yeah
people do not make giant dramatic
sweeping gestures the others too good to
eat
but just singing a song in front of a
whole stadium for the band the soccer
team and take my eyes off of you let me
tell you something that shit gets you
suspended you'd be like heaven to touch
possibly some jail time I wanna hold you
so did you say jail time see you later
is it big one you actually have to study
sometimes and you have homework and
shocker spoiler sometimes you actually
have to go to class you don't always
have like 45 minutes in between class to
like gossip and pine after a girl or
like catch a murderer or something
typically you only get like five minutes
between classes and your shit bag
teacher card you late so now you're
already late for the next class their
high school chorus is not gonna be
folded twenty five motherfuckers will go
to one American Idol just like everyone
in your school is not a highly trained
hip-hop dance master and you're not
gonna have choreographed step up three
to the streets dance battles at your
prom now it's not all 100% but is very
rare that people made giant bets to
manipulate the lives of their classmates
so the most part people are just trying
to get their homework done so then they
can play some video games with a brother
your honor
cutting class is a disaster joke in
movies it's like oh I'm gonna go cut
class cool see you guys later in real
life oh I'm gonna cook for no you're not
nope I'm not nine times out of ten the
dopey kid in your English class is not a
drug kingpin responsible for 90% of the
cocaine trafficking he's cursed sorry
nobody else in your school is the serial
killer
knock on wood nerds and jocks don't
always fall in love with each other
especially not over bed where one of us
gonna take you out on the prom but hey
sometimes it happens I believe in a
thing called love just finally in real
life you don't magically get these
coincidental moments that just make
everything happen to make it all perfect
movies and TV the guys I was crushing on
some girl and then he accidentally bumps
into her and when she's like alone and
they're like in the library and they can
be like hey oh my god I know you liked
books like let's love each other if you
spend the whole time waiting for the
perfect moment it's never going to
happen
you like a girl you've probably already
spent like an ordinate I'm facebooking
this screen of stalking her anyway just
go up and talk to her be like hey how
about that fucking Spanish test I don't
know let me tell you something if your
plan is to wait till prom night when
she's going with the mean jock that you
hate that doesn't really like her at all
and your plan is to just go and find
them
the dancefloor and then knock him out
with one punch and then make out with
hair while everyone applaud got some bad
news for probably not gonna go exactly
Courtney play anyway I guess what I'm
saying is don't take things too
seriously nothing's gonna be that crazy
do you get through high school and you
got all your homework done you got a
couple of friends maybe even kissed a
girl and your fucking Hall of Fame my
boy you know what you are too good to be
true I can't take my eyes off and now
realizing this sounds like a star thanks
for watching if you liked the video
please subscribe if you don't like the
video please subscribe my name is Max no
sleeves and I will see you next Tuesday
odds are you group of friends is not
gonna consist of a perfect CrossFit
fucking cocksucking cunt face bitch fuck
tits
whose car we gonna take